add line about native GraphQL resolvers (#965)
howtographql/howtographql: content/graphql/basics/3-big-picture.md

It's important to note that GraphQL is actually *transport-layer agnostic*. This means it can potentially be used with any available network protocol. So, it is potentially possible to implement a GraphQL server based on TCP, WebSockets, etc.   

> GraphQL also doesn't care about the database or the format that is used to store the data. You could use a SQL database like [AWS Aurora](https://aws.amazon.com/rds/aurora) or a NoSQL database like [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/). Newer databases like [FaunaDB](https://fauna.com/blog/getting-started-with-graphql-part-1-importing-and-querying-your-schema) include native GraphQL support, which means you don't have to write resolvers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GraphQL also doesn't care about the database or the format that is used to store the data. You could use a SQL database like [AWS Aurora](https://aws.amazon.com/rds/aurora) or a NoSQL database like [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/). Newer databases like [FaunaDB](https://docs.fauna.com/fauna/current/start/graphql) include native GraphQL support, which means you don't have to write resolvers.
```

Hey! FaunaDB recommends the newer tutorial series which includes the GraphQL playground. What do you think about it?
